---
layout: page
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---

I graduated from Dickinson College in Carlisle, PA in May 2021 with a Bachelor's Degree in Quantitative Economics and Political Science. For four years, I had been fortunate enough to have access to an education that always encouraged me to explore my interests and potentials as well as taught me knowledge and skills that stick, grow and allow me to  contribute to life. As a Political Science major, I have learnt to think critically about political structures, the intertwining connection between politics, economy and society, as well as the multifacetedness of human relationships. As a Quantitative Economics major, I closely examine and predict economic and financial growths and declines overtime using tools from such as "Economics-niche" as STATA to more popular and practical ones as Excel, R and Python. However, what I have learnt does not apply only in academia, but also in life, be it personal or professional. Political Science shows me that there is no problem I cannot overcome, just like there is no texts too dense to be understood, nor is structure too complicated to be broken down. (Quantitative) Economics shows me that I should always be reasonably skeptical of my conclusions, since just because the model and the data show me what I want to see does not mean there are no confounding factors. Plus, (and this is my personal favorate)

As someone who loves thinking about and tinkering with problems, whether the problem be with a chair, a bike, an essay, a social pattern or a business, Data Analytics is just the right place for me. The more exposure I gain to the world of Data Analytics, the more fascinated I am with the opportunities it has to offer. Especially during such a time of digital disruptions and technological advances in the business arena, it is as if the sky is the limit. Therefore, I am excited to embark on a journey to prepare myself for a future career in the field. To deepen my knowledge, I have taken multiple online courses on Coursera (with Certificates) about data in addition to my college coursework. To apply the skills I have learnt, I have worked on a few projects of various sizes and disciplines, many of which you will find on this blog.

Besides, I am **actively** seeking an apprenticeship, internship and ultimate full-time job where I would be able to learn, grow and contribute. Please feel free to reach out to me at nguyehuo@dickinson.edu for any suggestions on how I could improve the listed projects or any opportunities!
